*perl-h2xs.txt*      For Vim version 6.1.  Last change: 2002 Jul 9


		PERL NEW-PM PLUGIN REFERENCE by Colin Keith

==============================================================================
1. Plugin information					*perl-h2xs-info*

The Perl_h2xs.vim plugin is a plugin that allows you to automate the process of
perl module creation. Writing Perl modules properly is time consuming when you
do it by hand, but it can be simplified by using the h2xs program that comes as
part of the Perl distribution to create the module for you.


h2xs is actually intended to be used to create the skeleton structure for the
files needed to extend Perl by converting the contents of a C .h file into a
format understood by Perl. The idea behind this is that you can extend Perl by
interfacing directly with C functions using XS (eXtensionS) - a sort of Perl/C
interface. It just happens that given the right flags h2xs skips the C files
and creates a reliable module structure. This is the format used by most of the
modulse distributed with Perl and is a great way to write your modules.


As one of the virtues of a Perl programmer is laziness, I wrote this little
plugin to prevent me from having to run h2xs by hand, then editing the files.

==============================================================================
2. Perl-h2xs Usage				*perl-h2xs-usage* *perl-h2xs*

This module acts automatically when you edit a .pm file. If the filetype of the
edited file is determined to be Perl then this module is loaded from your local
ftplugin directory and, assuming you have h2xs installed, will run h2xs to
create the module, and then edit the newly created file.

If you don't want to create the module, just say 'no' (or anything that doesn't
start with a Y or y) when prompted and you'll be returned to your file. If you
will always want to do this without prompting, you can set the
|g:perl_h2xs_autocreate| variable to skip this part.


==============================================================================
3. Perl-h2xs Variables			*perl-h2xs-variables* *g:perl_h2xs*

The following variables control how you want the perl_h2xs.vim module to
behave. The names maybe clumsy, but they are specifically used to prevent
name clashes with other variables.

 |g:perl_h2xs_autocreate|			*g:perl_h2xs_autocreate*

              - If set then a user is not asked if they wish to create this
               module. The module proceeds as though you had answered yes.


 |g:perl_h2xs_flags|			*g:perl-h2xs_flags* *perl_h2xs_flags*

              - By default h2xs is run with the flags -XAn (see the man page
               for details). If you want to use something else set it in this
               variable.

 |g:perl_h2xs_usecvs|			*g:perl-h2xs_usecvs* *perl_h2xs_usecvs*
              - If defined we explicitly configure for cvs. If the directory
               we are in is already part of a CVS repository, we run "cvs add"
               to add the skeleton structure for this module to the CVS server.
               If it isn't we'll use "cvs import".

               CVS must be on your path for this to work.

 |g:perl_h2xs_askedit|		*g:perl-h2xs_askedit* *perl_h2xs_askedit*
              - If defined we ask the user if they want to edit the module if
               we find out that the module ha already been created. I.e. if
               you type: >

                   vim Example::Test.pm

<              it should be expanded once h2xs has run to >

                   vim Example/Test/Test.pm

<              but if the user runs the same command then previously the
               program would fail because it already existed and you would
               have to retype Example/Test/Test.pm by hand. Now the program
               makes the expansion for you and tests for this file. If it
               doesn't find it, everything progresses as normal, if it does
               it will edit that file unless you set this variable.

 |g:perl_h2xs_author|			*g:perl-h2xs_author* *perl_h2xs_author*
              - If defined the Makefile.PL and the newly created .pm file will
               have the default of "A. U. Thor ..." replaced with the contents
               of this variable. There is no purpose for this, it is just one
               of those little changes that needs doing and since the purpose
               of this plugin is to automate the setup process it's included.


==============================================================================

4. Problems						*perl-h2xs-problems*

If you have problems using this module or anything like that, e-mail me.  If
you want to shower me with praise, money, women, pizza, chocolate (not in any
order of preference :), I'll even take bored or "Why do you keep writing this
stuff? You're very wierd" comments. Its all welcome :-)

 Colin Keith <vim at ckeith.clara.net>

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl:

